NAI defines Year 2000 compliance as the proper processing of date and date 
related data, including calculating, comparing, and sequencing.  This 
includes the manipulation of this data with dates prior to, through, and 
beyond January 1, 2000, in a manner transparent to the user.

This NAI product is a Year 2000 compliant version.  In order to achieve 
this goal a formal test strategy had been developed and put in place to 
determine this compliance.

The following details the items that we are looking for in the test plan 
and addressing if they are found.  These items are not listed in priority 
order since failure to address any one of these could potentially be a 
problem for our customers.


***********************************************************************************
Incorrect century recognition.

Dates used as a special value:
Special values of the last two digits in a year might be used for special 
purposes, for example 99, 365/99, or 12/31/99 might be used to indicate 
"no expiration date" or 00 to indicate an "unknown year".

Incorrect field format determination:Some existing programs determine the 
date-time format (that is, MMDDYY, DDMMYY, and YYMMDD) by testing an 
appropriate part of the date field.  For example, checking if the first 
two characters of the date field are values within an acceptable month, 
date, or year range (such as 1-12, 1-31, or ( 32).

Sequence:
When only two digits are used to represent a year, programs that collate 
year data will sort that data out of sequence in some cases.  For example, 
the year 2000 (if represented as 00) will be ordered prior to the year 
1999 (if represented as 99). Arithmetic calculations that operate on dates 
with 2-digit year representation might have potential exposures. 

Data integrity:
In programs where historical dates are used, for example, all events 
occurring in 1800, 1900 and 2000 are not distinguishable when only 2 
digits represent the years.

Leap year calculation: 
Note that the year 2000 is a leap year: A specific year is a leap year if 
it is either evenly divisible by 400 or evenly divisible by 4 and not 
evenly by 100.  For example, the year 1900 was not a leap year but the 
year 2000 is a leap year. 

***********************************************************************************

NAI products are Year 2000 compliant within the foregoing meaning.  This 
warranty is subject to the limitations contained within your end user 
license agreement.


For more information and documents concerning Y2K compliance and Network 
Associates products please visit 
http://www.nai.com/services/support/2000/2000.asp
